translate English to Spanish: Hello, how are you?  
translate English to Spanish: What time is it?  
translate English to Spanish: Where is the nearest restaurant?  
translate English to Spanish: I would like a cup of coffee, please.  
translate English to Spanish: Can you help me find the train station?  
translate English to Spanish: Have a great day!  
translate English to Spanish: This is a beautiful city.  
translate English to Spanish: The weather is very nice today.  
translate English to Spanish: I am learning Spanish.  
translate English to Spanish: My favorite food is pizza.  
translate English to Spanish: What is your name?  
translate English to Spanish: I love traveling to new places.  
translate English to Spanish: Can you recommend a good hotel?  
translate English to Spanish: How much does this cost?  
translate English to Spanish: I am going to the airport.  
translate English to Spanish: Where is the nearest bus stop?  
translate English to Spanish: I need a taxi to the city center.  
translate English to Spanish: What is your favorite color?  
translate English to Spanish: This book is very interesting.  
translate English to Spanish: I have a reservation for tonight.  
translate English to Spanish: Do you speak English?  
translate English to Spanish: My birthday is in December.  
translate English to Spanish: I want to buy a gift for my friend.  
translate English to Spanish: The museum is open until 6 PM.  
translate English to Spanish: I am feeling tired today.  
translate English to Spanish: What is your favorite movie?  
translate English to Spanish: I need directions to the nearest hospital.  
translate English to Spanish: My flight was delayed.  
translate English to Spanish: Can I pay with a credit card?  
translate English to Spanish: I love listening to music.  
translate English to Spanish: This restaurant has delicious food.  
translate English to Spanish: What do you like to do in your free time?  
translate English to Spanish: I enjoy watching soccer games.  
translate English to Spanish: Where can I find a pharmacy?  
translate English to Spanish: I need to change my hotel reservation.  
translate English to Spanish: This is my first time visiting Spain.  
translate English to Spanish: I have a headache. Do you have any medicine?  
translate English to Spanish: Please call me later.  
translate English to Spanish: I work as a software engineer.  
translate English to Spanish: Thank you for your help! 
