John Doe lives in New York and works at Google.
The Eiffel Tower is one of the most famous landmarks in Paris, France.
Elon Musk founded SpaceX and Tesla.
Barack Obama served as the 44th President of the United States.
Apple Inc. was founded by Steve Jobs, Steve Wozniak, and Ronald Wayne.
Microsoft was co-founded by Bill Gates and Paul Allen.
The capital of Japan is Tokyo.
Harvard University is one of the most prestigious universities in the world.
Serena Williams has won multiple Grand Slam tennis titles.
Cristiano Ronaldo is a famous Portuguese footballer.
Shakespeare wrote the play "Hamlet."
The Amazon Rainforest is the largest rainforest in the world.
Mount Everest is the tallest mountain on Earth.
The Great Wall of China is a UNESCO World Heritage site.
J.K. Rowling wrote the "Harry Potter" book series.
NASA successfully landed the Perseverance rover on Mars.
The Mona Lisa was painted by Leonardo da Vinci.
Albert Einstein developed the theory of relativity.
The Nobel Prize is awarded annually in several categories.
The Pacific Ocean is the largest ocean on Earth.
The Taj Mahal is located in India and was built by Emperor Shah Jahan.
The United Nations headquarters is in New York City.
Beethoven composed the famous Symphony No. 9.
The Statue of Liberty was a gift from France to the United States.
Google was founded in 1998 by Larry Page and Sergey Brin.
The Wright brothers invented and built the first successful airplane.
The COVID-19 pandemic began in late 2019.
The Louvre Museum in Paris is home to the Mona Lisa.
The Colosseum in Rome was used for gladiator contests.
The International Space Station orbits Earth.
The Sahara Desert is the largest hot desert in the world.
Oprah Winfrey is a famous American television host and philanthropist.
The World Health Organization (WHO) was established in 1948.
The Hubble Space Telescope has provided stunning images of space.
The first manned moon landing was in 1969 with Apollo 11.
The Pyramids of Giza are one of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World.
The European Union is a political and economic union of member states.
The Berlin Wall fell in 1989, leading to German reunification.
Tesla, Inc. is known for its electric vehicles and renewable energy solutions.
The Tour de France is the most prestigious cycling race in the world.
